# PracticeActionGame
## (1/30/2025) V1.2
## Added two map for hard and normal level. Added a boss fight. Added new move sets for the old enemies. Optimized song loop system, minimized the switch song sound gap(when switch song, unity will pause your audio). Optimized evade and how other states switch to evade. Implemented hit lag. Fixed bug: Switch out a character just got defeated, without showing animation can result potential switch this character out again.
### V1.0 video gives a better understanding of the game mechanics, V1.2 video only covers the new content I added
### V1.0 video:
https://drive.google.com/file/d/1yZVeE0uUKB52cUMcrlI2f3eHM45TXP9k/view?usp=sharing
### V1.2 changes: 
https://drive.google.com/file/d/1fUa2CM6SdnZDZV73NE1R5F_amU_8Lght/view?usp=sharing

## (1/29/2025) V1.1
## Optimized control for normal attack and attack rush(evade&fight back). Made Victory and defeated cut scene and loading screen. Although not really using it, the loading it's too fast. Music system upgrade. Added music for ending scene and implemented a music looping system. By this time, all promises I made have been complete.

## (1/26/2025 Again) Progress: The practice game is officially complete
### UI system added ultimate charge display and ultimate mode. Skill now add more moves for enegy cost version. Ultimate & Skill logic updated. Adding Enter Quest Camera shots. Added background music component. Level Selection UI is now moving instead of still.



## (1/26/2025) Progress: UI system is done, multi level system is done, Nicole's attack set(shot a field that does constant damage) is complete.
### Added chain attack direction ui; fixed evade&fight back issue, making it easier to trigger; multiple enemy is now supported; fixed sometimes the third character will not initialize issue.
### Enter animation(Done)

## (1/23/2025) Progress: milestone alpha test battle system complete
### Added quick assist, chain attack, evade&fight back, hit animation, fixed collision problem, Enemy break system, Enmy stun stages. Milestone 1 is complete
### Next step: UI and level design
Milestone video:
https://drive.google.com/file/d/1Yks92x1yNDO4xYVgBhUySJE_BEtRTHk6/view?usp=sharing

## (1/16/2025) Progress:
### Added Left foot right foot walking/running animation, the character will switch their leg even if the player is not doing a contant walking.
### Added Evade effect, now the player won't take damage while evade, more effects such as bullet time will be added later.

## (1/2/2025) Progress:
### Added Enemy tracking for attacks. Added health and attack for all character and enemies.
The project is going well, however, I have to pause the project for a while, but this is definitly not the final editing for this project.
#### first demo video
https://drive.google.com/file/d/1CZ1ZRrqqQdQ20PY6_k7W-DW-kvVPUykz/view?usp=sharing

## (12/31/2024) Progress:
### Happy New Year!!!

## (12/30/2024) Progress:
### Added an Enemy with simple tracking and attack logic, animation is also avaliable. Fixed collision issue for all game objects. Corin and Nicole move sets are updated(excluding switchInAttack, switchInEXAttack, and rush attack). Stay on field mech: The character will finish their move before switchOut.
Most of the time I spend in the last two days are dealing with the problem generated by new animations. Since most animations come from the internet with different sources, they function a little different and I just have to keep adjust back and forth. I also included a prototype for health and attack, but not done.

## (12/28/2024) Progress:
### Added branch attacks, now can customize different combos for different characters. Team system is finally avaliable, switchIn, switchOut logic is fixed. Implemented input buffer for branch attack and branch normal attack for smoother transitions.
Still need implementation(priority from high to low): Ult close up shot(done); holding down moves(done); Bullet system(done); Enemy(done); energy and ult calculation system(done); health & break system(done); switch in attack(done); apply all moves to all character in game(done); stage(done)/victory or loss scene(done); (if I have enough time and energy for the following (tears)) attack special effects; render

## (12/26/2024) Progress:
### Connecting move sets, working on the state machine mech, fixed switchIn and switchOut logic and presentation, added switch character cool down
A known problem is that if switch character too fast, it might shift to a different place(worst if there is an object near by). My guess is that when switch too fast, switchOut animation is not entirely played and gameObject will not be properly turn off causing some variables wrong. But switch character cool down is not smooth for the game play.
Improvements: Smoother switch character cool down, character will finish doing what ever has left for them to do on the field.(done)

## (12/25/2024) Progress:
### Move sets: Ult, evade, normal attack, idle, idle_afk. Still working on: skill, follow-up attack.
Can switch between different state. Have a working state machine at this point. Evade has a one sec cool down for every for consecutive evades.
Still Need Improvements: Be able to cancel certain moves using evade.(done)


## (12/24/2024) Progress:
### Adjust Animation
Enable Nicole Humanoid Avatar, Attached weapons to the character
Basic movement update & animation manage & state change for Nicole's game play.

#### Models are getting from 【BiliBili：观海子】
#### Animations are getting from all over the internet, this is a website I like to use: https://www.aplaybox.com/. But feel free to try others.
#### Can not use for commercial purposes, only for practice
#### The final right of interpretation belongs to: miHoYo
